She hates salad...
She does like dark red :D
She always edits a typo instead of rewriting the whole word.
She thinks my "good girl" joke is annoying :/
She always visibly moves her tongue in her mouth when she's mad at me.
Her hands are so prettyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.
Cold hands. Warm hands. We were meant to be together.
She always worries about her hair not being smooth enough.
She likes her finger in my butt..
She doesn't really have many turn-ons.
She hates the French language.
Brooo, she hasn't bitten me in ages.
She thinks she can beat me xD
She's so gorgeous when she sings.
At first, I was really shy to talk to her...
She will be my wife one day.
I melt at her reaction when she sees babies.
A 20 RON tea and a pigeon poop.
Quite a competitive lady..
She is always right.
She always appreciates my red roses.
I sometimes think I'm not good enough for her.
You're mine.
Let's get married.
A magical orange monastery..
I'd kinda wanna bite her.
Strong lady.
Clever lady.
My personal therapist.
I'd rather go blind than cheat on you.
SpongeBob in pajamas.
The raisin cookies 🫠
Best night in Rome.
Silly goose.
Hey, don't forget to smile today!
I don't know how you still bear me...
Please don't leave me.
I LOVE YOUUUUUUUUUUU.
Hey baby girl 😏
Kinda wife material, not gonna lie.
I saw her pay her sister to clean her desk.
I actually drove a tank over her once :D
Does she really like me??
I'm so freaking in loveeeeeeeeeee.
An overpriced ice skate with blue glasses.
A broken bed and kiss marks.
I find it cute when she puts her lip gloss on.
Red or blue polish actually looks so amazing on her..
I'll teach you how to ski. I promise.
She always beats me before taking a picture.
She says I have a dinosaur head when I have short hair.
When I'm chilling in her lap, I cannot help but fall more and more in love.
She sometimes holds me like a baby. I feel like a baby..
A cube and some pretzels.
Some wet feet and a broken snowman.
A bloodied guitar and my first ever notes.
Pachka sigaret.
A bounty and a broken whiskey glass.
A twelve stringed guitar and why too many golf 4 tdi 1.9's.
In your eyes - Grimus
A climbing gym and a pair of useless hands.
A -3° night and a long hug.
Third home visit and a baby's pee.
A Roblox game and an ECDL exam.
I think fire is the main thing that united us.
And she was shy to look me in the eyes.
She wants our kitchen to be full with her drawings. We agreed that I'll choose the colors.
She never remembers her password, neither do I.
Her mood swings are honestly exciting.
And then I told her my biggest secret. Now I am -tied- to her :)
She's only mine and mine only.
Kinda hot when she's dominant and has her hair tied.
We have something special here that I care to keep safe.
I'd choose you over a brand new camera.
Yes, I sometimes ragebait you because you also look hot when you're mad 😁
I am obsessed with you and depressed without you.
